---
layout: post
title: "The First"
---

Well this is exciting. A blog. Looked up things to do with GitHub as I start to learn more about it, and online suggests using Jekyll pages. I LOVE hosting websites, so I realized using github pages to do so for free, where I don't need to host it 24/7 (I don't own a server PC yet), and it can use my custom domain? Super cool!

Now, what am I going to be blogging about? Absolutely no freakin idea. I figured using it as a "public journal" of cool things I find on my path of a future programming career. Either cool things I find code wise, cool things game wise, fun things I've done with friends, etc. Maybe stuff about my life, not TOO personal, I don't want someone coming to kill me for fun, or whatever psychopaths do these days.

I really like the idea of just, WRITING. I always liked the concept, but only really did it for school papers, which not only need to be on a particular topic that I may or may not have interest in, but also following a certain format. Don't even get me started on MLA vs APA and then the differences between the versions, and why the hell hasn't Microsoft updated Word to use the most up to date versions OR BETTER YET, let us pick from different versions? APA 7th been out long enough add it in already!!

Over time I'll update the site to have more features. Adding images would be a cool start! Or wait, it should be as simple as...

[!Frost on the counter](https://cdn.bsky.app/img/feed_fullsize/plain/did:plc:43eyzgeknm23gqogveju7vua/bafkreieh4zoc6auppiqjcb7mcdk27wzs346ociwpjbfc2uvqwf44yefgci@jpeg)

Hehe! There's my boy Frost!